c:\users\krystsina_kasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplicationHW\WpfApplicationHW\bin\Debug\WpfApplicationHW.exe.config
c:\users\krystsina_kasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplicationHW\WpfApplicationHW\bin\Debug\WpfApplicationHW.exe
c:\users\krystsina_kasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplicationHW\WpfApplicationHW\bin\Debug\WpfApplicationHW.pdb
c:\users\krystsina_kasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplicationHW\WpfApplicationHW\obj\Debug\WpfApplicationHW.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\krystsina_kasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplicationHW\WpfApplicationHW\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\krystsina_kasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplicationHW\WpfApplicationHW\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\krystsina_kasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplicationHW\WpfApplicationHW\obj\Debug\WpfApplicationHW_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\krystsina_kasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplicationHW\WpfApplicationHW\obj\Debug\WpfApplicationHW_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\krystsina_kasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplicationHW\WpfApplicationHW\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\krystsina_kasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplicationHW\WpfApplicationHW\obj\Debug\WpfApplicationHW.g.resources
c:\users\krystsina_kasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplicationHW\WpfApplicationHW\obj\Debug\WpfApplicationHW.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\krystsina_kasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplicationHW\WpfApplicationHW\obj\Debug\WpfApplicationHW.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\krystsina_kasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplicationHW\WpfApplicationHW\obj\Debug\WpfApplicationHW.exe
c:\users\krystsina_kasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplicationHW\WpfApplicationHW\obj\Debug\WpfApplicationHW.pdb
C:\Users\Krystsina_Kasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplicationHW\WpfApplicationHW\bin\Debug\JetBrains.Annotations.dll
C:\Users\Krystsina_Kasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplicationHW\WpfApplicationHW\bin\Debug\MvvmTools.dll
C:\Users\Krystsina_Kasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplicationHW\WpfApplicationHW\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\Krystsina_Kasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplicationHW\WpfApplicationHW\bin\Debug\JetBrains.Annotations.xml
C:\Users\Krystsina_Kasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplicationHW\WpfApplicationHW\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
C:\Users\Krystsina_Kasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplicationHW\WpfApplicationHW\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.dll
C:\Users\Krystsina_Kasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplicationHW\WpfApplicationHW\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.dll
C:\Users\Krystsina_Kasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplicationHW\WpfApplicationHW\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.pdb
C:\Users\Krystsina_Kasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplicationHW\WpfApplicationHW\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.pdb
